1) VMware Workstation Pro 17 was already installed on my laptop for my college courses such as Pentesting, Database Systems, User Interfaces, etc.

2) Then Google "Window Server Demo Download" and click on "Windows Server 2025 | Microsoft Evaluation Center". This will take you to the page where you can download the ISO file for both the server and client side.

3) We then download the Windows 11 Enterprise ISO file for the client side server.

4) Once the ISO files have been downloaded, we go over to VMWare in order to set up the Windows VMs, starting with the server side first.

5) Once you have set up the servers, check for any Windows updates for security purposes.

6) Once the updates are ready, complete the same steps for another server VM.

7) After setting up 2 Windows server VMs, complete the setup for the client side Windows 11 Enterprise.

8) After the completion of all Windows servers, I took a snapshot of each one in order to establish a baseline snapshot in case something goes severely wrong and I need to hard reset back to original settings. I took another snapshot of the server side VMs after configuration to establish a post-config baseline.

9) Set up the original Windows Server with a manual IPv4 address and gateway. Then rename the PC to DC1 to establish that server as the first domain controller.

10) Set up the second Windows server the same way we did with the first server to establish the second domain controller.

11) Install the Active Directory Domain Services features on DC1. After installation, promote the server to a domain controller and select "Add a new forest". I named my root domain as MyDomain.local. During the pre-req check, if an error pops up, run the command line "net user administrator /passwordreq:yes" in order to fix the issue in terminal as the administrator. 

12) Install VMWare Tools on the Windows 11 Enterprise VM for comfortability. Then set up the IPv4 address the same way with the gateway and preferred DNS pointed to DC1.

13) Promote the second server to a domain controller and add it to an existing domain. Change the credentials to administrator@mydomain.local and select the domain. Continue forward like before. 

14) Go to the client server, settings, system, then click on Domain or Workgroup. Change from Workgroup to the Domain Controller's domain and restart the VM.
